A well-organized opposition raked Bolsonaro's economy minister over the coals during a pension debate Wednesday. Insults to a legislator’s mother and grandmother featured prominently

Banks, primarily PSB and corporate-facing, expect further margin expansion, led by higher NPL recovery and lower fresh delinquency. Therefore, on net slippages, banks would witness interest income accruals versus interest income reversals in the past."


"Banks, primarily PSB and corporate-facing, expect further margin expansion, led by higher NPL recovery and lower fresh delinquency. Therefore, on net slippages, banks would witness interest income accruals versus interest income reversals in the past."


Brazil's economy minister Guedes adopted ``No retreat, no surrender'' as his motto for pushing reforms... but he's charging headlong into the fray w/o reinforcements. 

A new study on Venezuela's worsening humanitarian crisis describes the spread of vaccine-preventable diseases, rising infant mortality and sharp increases in the transmission of infectious diseases

The Government has,with just a stroke of the pen, decided to merge Vijaya and Dena Bank with the strongest of them all, Bank of Baroda, to create a banking behemoth in terms of  size,the success of which only time will tell.
The merger will be into effect tomorrow 01.04.2019

It's not about just the salary & perks which the govt owner says will be protected, but also taking pride in reflecting steadfast commitment towards his/her Bank.
All the fond memories about the parent Bank cannot be erased away overnight frm the minds of the employees..However, the decision sounds the death knell for Vijaya and Dena Bank, which has been around since long and people are way too familiar with the Goddess Lakshmi logo and the friendly man with hands in his pockets, ever so ready to serve the customers, will surely be missed..


However, the decision sounds the death knell for Vijaya and Dena Bank, which has been around since long and people are way too familiar with the Goddess Lakshmi logo and the friendly man with hands in his pockets, ever so ready to serve the customers, will surely be missed..


Well played umpire Sundaram Ravi, you were actually trying to restore the faith in humanity and God, reminding us the old saying-
'To err is human, to forgive divine.'


“Enough time has now passed by for us to look back at demonetisation & ask what the learning has been from it? Did it work or not? & what were the positives and negatives. Self-examination is something that every govt must do for better governance and efficiency."


European banks must become digitised and more efficient, rather than accepting their present miserable situation

The BJP's plans will do nothing for India's landless labourers, while The Congress party's schemes face practical and political difficulties


“Enough time has now passed by for us to look back at demonetisation & ask what the learning has been from it? Did it work or not? & what were the positives and negatives. Self-examination is something that every govt must do for better governance and efficiency."

Appraisal Economics provides a broad range of machinery and equipment valuation services including individual pieces of equipment, production lines, and complete operating facilities throughout the US. Learn more here

Nancy Pelosi says she won't leverage Trump's new North American trade deal to advance other Democratic priorities

Cleveland Fed President Loretta Mester says it's "possible" that the rate-hiking cycle may be over
